Feature: log project build settings (#266)
codemagic-ci-cd/cli-tools: CHANGELOG.md

Version 0.32.3
-------------

**Features**:

> - `xcode-project build-ipa` command supports `--verbose` flag to output Xcode project build settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `xcodebuild -showBuildSettings` before `xcodebuild archive` as part of action `xcode-project build-ipa` to capture project settings. The output of build settings is hidden by default, but shown if `--verbose` flag is set. 
```
